At this point, your system is not configured for EUS. If you were to run
a `+dnf update+` with this configuration, you’d update to the latest
version of RHEL 9. Since the standard 9.0 repositories are no longer
live, you’ll need to follow a couple extra steps, but first get an
estimate of how many packages are available for update. This will be
helpful to note for the remainder of this lab:

....
dnf list --updates| wc -l
....

The command above outputs a list of updates dnf finds then "`pipes`" it
through the "`word count`" command to count the number of lines, giving
you a rough estimate of the number of packages available. The command
above tells you that to go from RHEL 9.0 proper to 9.6 latest will
install about 393 new or updated packages.

First, you will need to disable the standard repositories and enable the
EUS-specific repos.

*Please note:* There are TWO repos that need to be unregistered. The
baseos repo consists of all the packages essential for supporting the
Linux Kernel, systemd, and other critical system functions. The
AppStream (or Application Stream) repository houses workloads, like
language libraries and databases. You will then re-register the EUS
version of these repositories.

....
 subscription-manager repos --disable rhel-9-for-x86_64-baseos-rpms
 subscription-manager repos --disable rhel-9-for-x86_64-appstream-rpms
....

Next, enable the EUS repositories.

*Pro Tip*: You can combine these two operations into a single command!

....
subscription-manager repos --enable rhel-9-for-x86_64-baseos-eus-rpms --enable rhel-9-for-x86_64-appstream-eus-rpms
....

Now that your system has the EUS repositories enabled, in the next step,
you will actually go through the process of updating packages from the
EUS repo.
